A18-0-1: improve query logic (#530)
github/codeql-coding-standards: change_notes/2024-02-12-improve-a18-0-1.md

> `A18-0-1` - `CLibraryFacilitiesNotAccessedThroughCPPLibraryHeaders.ql`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `A18-0-1` - `CLibraryFacilitiesNotAccessedThroughCPPLibraryHeaders.ql`:
```

- `A18-0-1` - `CLibraryFacilitiesNotAccessedThroughCPPLibraryHeaders.ql`:

>     - Fix issue #7 - improve query logic to only match on exact standard library names (exclude local files with same names. Now excludes sys/header.h type headers as well from the results as those are not C standard libraries).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `A18-0-1` - `CLibraryFacilitiesNotAccessedThroughCPPLibraryHeaders.ql`:
    - Fix issue #7 - improve query logic to only match on exact standard library names (e.g., now excludes sys/header.h type headers from the results as those are not C standard libraries).
```
